V14: block custom view + rearrangement (#6321)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 14/umbraco-cms/extending/extending-overview/extension-types/bundle.md

# Bundle

{% hint style="warning" %}
This page is a work in progress and may undergo further revisions, updates, or amendments. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice.
{% endhint %}

The `bundle` extension type enables you to gather many extension manifests into one.

It points to a single JavaScript file that via JavaScript Modules, exports or re-exports Extension Manifests written in JavaScript.

It can be used as the entry point for a package, or as a grouping for a set of manifests.

> ## Use Bundle as entry point for a package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Use Bundle as an entry point for a package
```

If you want to declare your manifests in JavaScript/TypeScript, the Bundle is a great choice.

> The following example shows an umbraco-package that referees to one bundle, which can then declare manifests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example shows an `umbraco-package.json` that refers to one bundle, which can then declare manifests.
```
